---
title: "Privacy Policy"
---

## Users to Whom the Privacy Policy Applies

This Privacy Policy applies to the handling of personal data (Article 4(1) of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”)) of the users who use our services from the EU, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway (hereinafter collectively referred to as "EU").

## User Personal Data to be Collected

We may collect from the user(s) (the “User(s)) the following personal data (the “User Personal Data”):

- Identification information generated by using cookies.
- Information regarding the OS and the terminal used by the User, such as ID generated by the OS, the type of the terminal, and the terminal identifier.
- History of the Users’ activities on our website, such as time spent on our website, input history.

## Purpose of Use of the User Personal Data

We use the User Personal Data collected from the User for the following purposes, on the legal bases including legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR), performance of contractual obligations (Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR), the User’s consent (Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR) or compliance with legal obligations in the EU and its member states (Article 6(1)(c) of the GDPR):

### When processing is required for the pursuit of legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR)

- To register or verify the User’s identity and authenticate with our services (the “Services”).
- To manage the User’s usage history of the Services.
- To analyze the User’s activity history in the Services to maintain and improve the Services.
- For market analysis and marketing.
- To inform the User of the Services.
- To correspond to actions that violate our terms and conditions, laws and regulations.
- To inform the changes etc. to our terms and conditions.
- In addition, to provide, maintain, protect and improve the Services.

### When processing is required for the performance of contractual obligations to provide the Services to the User (Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR)

- To inform the User of changes to, discontinuance of, termination of, or cancellation of the Services.
- To respond to the User’s inquiries.

### When the User’s express consent is obtained in advance (Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR)

### To deal with any act which violates the laws and regulations of EU and its member states which applies to us (Article 6(1)(c) of the GDPR)

- To deal with any act which violates the laws and regulations of EU and its member states.

## Third Party Provision

We will disclose the User Personal Data obtained to the following third parties for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy.

- Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA

## Transfer of the User Personal Data to Japan

We will transfer the User Personal Data to Japan for the purposes of fulfilling any contractual obligations with the User or any pre-contractual procedures requested by the User. Japan has been accredited by the European Commission for the protection of personal data.

## Retention Period

We will retain the User Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for obtaining and processing the User Personal Data as set out in this Privacy Policy. Specific retention periods are decided by taking into account the purposes for obtaining and processing the User Personal Data, the nature of the User Personal Data and the necessity of retaining the personal data for legal or business reasons.

## User’s Rights

The User has the right under the GDPR to obtain information regarding processing of the User Personal Data, to access the User Personal Data, to request corrections to or deletion of the User Personal Data, to restrict the processing of the User Personal data, to data portability, to be free from automated decision-making (including profiling) and to object to the processing of the User Personal Data. In addition, if the User is dissatisfied with the processing of the User Personal Data, the User may lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Supervisory Authority of the User’s country of residence, place of workplace or place of the alleged infringement.

## Withdrawal of Consent

The User may withdraw its consent to our use of the User Personal Data at any time by the means otherwise specified by us at the time we obtaining the User’s consent. However, the legality of any action taken based on the User’s consent prior to the withdrawal is not affected by the User’s withdrawal of consent.

## Automated Decision-making

We do not make decisions solely based on automated data processing that produces any legal or similar material effect on the User.

## Amendment to Privacy Policy

We will amend this Privacy Policy as necessary. In such case, we will announce or notify, in an appropriate manner, the timing when the amended Privacy Policy will be enforced and the contents thereof.

## Contact Information

If you have any question regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact the data administrator at:
Haruta Watanabe
contact@harutawatanabe.com

Established on October 7, 2025
